1-)Write a method that returns a comma separated string based on a given list of integers. Each element should be preceded by the letter 'e' if the number is even, and preceded by the letter 'o' if the number is odd. For example, if the input list is (3,44), the output should be 'o3,e44'.

2-)The Ceasar cipher is a basic encryption technique used by Julius Ceasar to securely communicate with his generals. Each letter is replaced by another letter N positions down the english alphabet. For example, for a rotation of 5, the letter 'c' would be replaced by an 'h'. In case of a 'z', the alphabet rotates and it is transformed into a 'd'.
Implement a decoder for the Ceasar cipher where N = 5.
TIP: Use code.toCharArray() to get an array of characters.

3-)For these exercises, start with a List of Strings similar to this:
• List<String> words = Arrays.asList("hi", "hello", ...);
1. Produce a single String that is the result of concatenating the uppercase versions of all of the
Strings. E.g., the result should be "HIHELLO...". Use a single reduce operation, without using map.
2. Produce the same String as above, but this time via a map operation that turns the words into upper
case, followed by a reduce operation that concatenates them.
3. Produce a String that is all the words concatenated together, but with commas in between. E.g., the
result should be "hi,hello,...". Note that there is no comma at the beginning, before “hi”, and also no
comma at the end, after the last word. Major hint: there are two versions of reduce discussed in the
notes.
4. Find the total number of characters (i.e., sum of the lengths) of the strings in the List.
5. Find the number of words that contain an “h”



Every class in highschool has a designated president. Because of that, we'll store all the classes as a Map<Student,List<Student>> 
where the key is the president student and value List<Student> represents all the students in his class.
Using this structure, aggregate all the students into a single list using both approaches, 
declarative and with streams and print all the students name on the console.
